Isochrone api (#621)
mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift: CHANGELOG.md

* Added `RouteOptions.initialManeuverAvoidanceRadius` property to control avoidance of dangerous maneuvers when requesting a route from the Directions API. ([#609](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/609))
* Added `RoadClasses.unpaved` property that enables the resulting routes to avoid unpaved roads. ([#620](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/620))
* Added `RoadClasses.cashOnlyToll` property that enables the resulting routes to avoid toll roads that only accept cash payment. ([#620](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/620))

> * Added `Ischrone` API wrapper. The [Mapbox Isochrone API](https://docs.mapbox.com/api/navigation/isochrone/) computes areas that are reachable within a specified amount of time from a location, and returns the reachable regions as contours of polygons or lines that you can display on a map. ([#621](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/621))

Reviewer: The class is currently called `Isochrones`, plural.

```suggestion
* Added `Isochrones`, which connects to the [Mapbox Isochrone API](https://docs.mapbox.com/api/navigation/isochrone/) to compute areas that are reachable within a specified amount of time from a location, returning the reachable regions as contours of polygons or lines that you can display on a map. ([#621](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/621))
* Renamed `DirectionsCredentials` and `DirectionsProfileIdentifier` to `Credentials` and `ProfileIdentifier`, respectively. ([#621](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/621))
```
